README.md, before:


# pacta.portfolio.report <img src="man/figures/logo.png" align="right" width="120"/>

<!-- badges: start -->
[![Lifecycle: experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of pacta.portfolio.report is to provide the tools and functionality 
necessary to render the PACTA interactive report, as it currently appears on the 
[Capital Transition Monitor](https://platform.transitionmonitor.com/) website. 

## Installation

You can install the development version of pacta.portfolio.report from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("pak")
pak::pak("RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report")
```

## Usage

The transition monitor platform is fuelled by the workflow repository found here: https://github.com/RMI-PACTA/workflow.transition.monitor

Commit message:

remove references to transition monitor from README (#104)

README.md, after:


# pacta.portfolio.report <img src="man/figures/logo.png" align="right" width="120"/>

<!-- badges: start -->
[![Lifecycle: experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of pacta.portfolio.report is to provide the tools and functionality 
necessary to render a PACTA interactive report. 

## Installation

You can install the development version of pacta.portfolio.report from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("pak")
pak::pak("RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.report")
```

## Usage

An online tool can be fuelled by the workflow repository found here: https://github.com/RMI-PACTA/workflow.transition.monitor
